This review focuses not on the property and its facilities which are very well appointed and the grounds are beautiful And impeccably maintained, but rather on how some of this hotel’s service levels and especially the food was well and truly below average.

A serious let down!

I’ll try and give some examples...

We found cigarette butts on our desk.
The breakfast menu items were dreadful. Cold and really poorly prepared.
The buffet was somewhat better.
The room was nice and size was good.
However we thought we booked a room on the water side and didn’t realize this. We were promptly told it’s more money, yet online available prices for rooms were much less than when we had booked 6 months prior.
Highly disappointing on that measure.

Firstly we were escorted to our room by a lovely lady who once in room proceeded to effectively try to upsell us on aspects of the minibar and other things to sell and not really explain the working aspects of the room.

There were some caveats of the room that should have been explained such as the balcony door being connected to the on/off AirCon and how to operate the drapes and blinds.

But most importantly was how dreadful the food and breakfast was. The eggs Benedict was cold and frankly unacceptable for a hotel of this pedigree and honestly anywhere for that matter.

In their defense the smorgasbord foods, breads, cut meats and other laid out foods were good, but nothing so special as a any hotel of this level would have.

More especially given its Japan, the food quality was well below the average street grub which can be as most know amazing.

One morning at breakfast there was an English chap wandering around and approached our table he said he was the manager.

I found it odd as this guy appeared to have nothing to do and while he did say hello, he affectively completely ignored my partner which funny enough she was the one who booked and PAID for this hotel.

She was very put off and was frankly offended by the seemingly minor altercation to say the least.

This is getting long winded and I’m not sure if what I’m trying to get across is giving a clear picture. In my opinion all of what I’m saying is fixable but it’s going to need some clear managerial directive.

Although this is a beautiful property, it falls very short on a lot of areas especially for the level it promotes itself to be.

It’s not an inexpensive nor are we afraid to spend the money, but I would put this hotels services in the below average category.

I’d suggest these guys stay a few nights at a Mandarian Oriental and see how real service is done. All of these issues can be fixed. The property is gorgeous but the location is a little off the beaten track for Kyoto.